Yeah. Perfect. So this seems to be working nicely, so I'll continue on. So current state or current shape of my portfolio... I mean, you can see it. You can take screenshots of it. You can, you know, do whatever you feel like. You can go through what's... what it has. Yeah. I mean, obviously, as every other note, we'll maintain portfolio. It's a bit dated. And, actually, I feel like with the rise of a gen pick everything, I think that it opens up possibilities for a process or a set of groupings that will help to con... to continuously work on portfolio in general and to, yeah, to make sure it's up to date. Basically, almost all the time. So that's also, like, a kinda, like, a second track of this work. I will I will... I would be interested in to work on a process that helps me to get there. But they are mostly... what I would like to do is I... Yes. I'll be because I'll be working on my study portfolio pretty soon because I have a deadline in few days or weeks. I'll... actually, I want to start with this one first. And first thing is I would actually like to build it in a way that allows for that allows for kinda, like, easy to rebrand once I decide to do so because currently on my personal website, I'm using this kinda, like, purple slash fuxia colors, which is not necessarily so think I would like to stay with. even though I don't have a great idea on the color scheme, I would like to use. I actually... like, there are, like, two kinda, like... there are, like, two conflicting perspectives on this on my side, which is I like actually these. My favorite color is purple, and I like that it's a combination of red and blue. I like black, just as I'm a designer, so it's a cliche, but I do. I like crazy things, you know, but, like, Yeah. When things go a bit wild, lime green, aqua, you name it. And also on the other hand, I also like the the color scheme of, like, terracotta. So this kinda, like, natural color around, like, bash orange, brown. They combine well, I feel like, and they actually do do, like, good flats. Those are kinda easy ish to express some accent or some things like that. And, uh, yeah, first thing, actually... and I'm... yeah. Sure. I'm a designer. I actually studied computer graphics and digital image processing, so I know things like why a person... why we shouldn't put, like, full black, one full white, why it's a bit better to do, like, hacks, two two two, or hacks, e e e instead of triple f. Uh, so I have actually a lot of theory, like I'm actually pretty decent at, like, UX design to some... say, some sort of mid fidelity, but I'm not a graphic designer. And, uh, yeah, not good at, uh, those final touches. Uh, also, what I would like to avoid is this kind of generic kind of shop fee and, like, uh, look and feel from what I do. So I would actually like to have some playfulness in my portfolio. Like, a, I would like it to be, like, respectful and professional, but also at the same time, it'll be great if it's... because it's like a city. Right? It's this for me. So I would like it also to showcase some some some some quirks that reflect a tiny bit of my personality But because... and that's an important one. Also, for further work, I'm not for everyone. Like, people I click with I click with heavily. People I don't. It's not that we would be fighting, but I don't click with... definitely, I don't click with everyone. So this is something that should, uh, me somehow... yeah. Visible in my portfolio, either visually or content wise. And I'll give you more context in further message or messages.