Yeah. So, like, two positive things, two negative things. Uh, let me start with the negative ones or just question of what is what. But I would actually like really to avoid... where to choose signaling in that tone of voice so that people don't feel like I'm this wishy washy, bullshit, bingo y person that can't do anything. And the second thing, I don't wanna use... I don't want to use the word AI anywhere. at all, if possible. Because I think using the word AI today is like using the word Internet twenty years ago. I don't think it's needed anymore. And let's maybe focus more on the impact and the outcome of what I can bring rather than how to get there. That's the, I guess, the... what I don't want to happen after people going through my portfolio. And maybe only one possible place where this could be... like, I think it could be nice. If it it it... it's fine if the AI appears in the study portfolio. And then the more positive or something that I would like to actually, uh, have in those in those materials or in the... in that website content is is is mindset of, like, uh, feel free to judge me. You know? I'm here. That's me. Pros and cons, not for everyone. I said it already. But, like, they give you the right to make your opinion on on me. So is fine. This is more of a mindset, and it's kinda connected to also a mindset, I guess, that my friend, Mattei, uses when picture. Doing some usability testing sessions and things like that, and he uses mine... this mindset. Um, gave me something to hate, which I like. So, yeah, two plus two. I was thinking maybe this mindset and even possibly some quotes could be... shit. Yeah. You know, like, list it somewhere explicitly so that we can then take from those, um, ones building the site. No need to process those right now to the artifacts,there's probably going to be more of these notes in near future